c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll.config
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\CaelumEstoque.pdb
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.dll
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.pdb
c:\users\luiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CaelumEstoque\CaelumEstoque\obj\Debug\CaelumEstoque.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
